How can you say that Chu Dayou is also a Chu family member so soon?
Yuwen Hao just listens to me
Just help me get revenge
The princess doesn't know
The days you disappeared
The prince is really lost
Old slave look
The prince has a deep love for you
Forget it, he didn't hit my board before
You poisoned me
deep love
I look at him
Just for your own face
Why don't the princess ask the prince clearly?
OK
Sooner or later, the two of us have to be reasonable
Better to make it clear
Let's go
Princess Tang Yang
What about the prince, I have something to say to him
The prince has gone to Huai Palace
Should have had a good rest
But His Royal Highness King Huai may be soon and soon
Oh, I mean
When I was in the palace, I heard that King Huai had been sick
What does he have?
Is it labor and illness?
King Huai is also a hard-working man
Can this illness be cured?
No one will die
Why not?
The princess is so powerful
Labor can also be governed
Even the imperial physicians in the palace are helpless
Before antibiotics came out
Filao is indeed a terminal illness
You can only kill yourself
How is he doing?
The emperor has no one to prepare for the funeral
I heard from the inner government that even the coffin is ready
The subordinates have already prepared the carriage
The princess should go too
It might be the last time. Okay, let's go
The old slave went to report to the prince
Princess, wait here. Okay
It seems that the king's situation is really not good
Fortunately, I have medicine in my hand
Maybe you can.
What is there to sigh about Princess Chu?
Isn't Brother Hao treating you well now?
I never knew you were such a good tool